docs/joomla/extensions/sociallinks/system-parts.md, before:

## Table of Contents
1.  [Overview](#overview)
2.  [Component](#component)
3.  [Modules](#modules)
    -   [Social Links](#mod-social)
    -   [Page](#mod-page)
    -   [Social Tabs \[Pro\]](#mod-tabs)
    -   [Tweet](#mod-tweet)
4.  [Plugins \[Pro\]](#plugins)
    -   [Content - Social Likes \[Pro\]](#plg-likes)
    -   [Content - Social Share \[Pro\]](#plg-share)
    -   [Content - Open Graph \[Pro\]](#plg-og)
    -   [Content - Meta Fields \[Pro & J3.+\]](#plg-meta)
    -   [System - Menu Meta \[Pro & J3.+\]](#plg-meta-menu)
    -   [System - Zoo Elements \[Pro\]](#plg-zoo)
    -   [System - Facebook JS](#plg-fbjs)
    -   [System - Gears](#plg-gears)

## <a class="doc-top" name="overview"></a>Overview

**CoalaWeb Social Links** is a complete social media package to help your site visitors share content, follow you through a variety of social networks and vote for particular content with social buttons. There are two versions available a Core (Free) and Pro (Paid Subscription) version that comes with extend functionality.

<div class="uk-alert">When installing all the parts of the system will be installed at the same time making installing, upgrading and uninstalling a breeze.</div>

## <a name="component"></a>Component

The Component makes setting up the plugins a breeze by having a centralized location for all their associated configuration options. It also provides quick access to help and support plus current version information. The other great thing the component does is take care of the installing, updating and uninstalling of all the associated parts of the system which makes the process much more streamlined. *\[Figure-1\]*

<a data-lightbox="on" https://d1tgoab1lhw0tx.cloudfront.net/images/docs/joomla-extensions/social-links/system-parts/social-component.png">![Figure-1](https://d1tgoab1lhw0tx.cloudfront.net/images/docs/joomla-extensions/social-links/system-parts/social-component.png "Figure-1"){.uk-thumbnail .uk-thumbnail-mini}</a>

## <a name="modules"></a>Modules

### <a name="mod-social"></a>Social Links

The **CoalaWeb Social Links** module gives you the option to choose which share and follow us button to display including the ability to create custom ones plus it's packed full of other configuration options to make it as flexible as possible. *\[Figure-2\]*

![Figure-2](https://d1tgoab1lhw0tx.cloudfront.net/images/docs/joomla-extensions/social-links/system-parts/social-links.png "Figure-2"){.coalaweb-docs}

### <a name="mod-page"></a>Page

The **CoalaWeb Page** module is designed to help Facebook Page owners attract and gain likes. It lets website visitors see how many people like a Page, read recent posts from a Page and most importantly Like/Share a Page with one click, without needing to visit Facebook. *\[Figure-3\]*

<div class="uk-alert">Note: This module supersedes the depreciated CoalaWeb Likebox module.</div>

![Figure-3](https://d1tgoab1lhw0tx.cloudfront.net/images/docs/joomla-extensions/social-links/system-parts/page.png "Figure-3"){.coalaweb-docs}

### <a name="mod-tabs"></a>Social Tabs \[Pro Version\]

The **CoalaWeb Social Tabs** module displays a series of tabs on either side of the page that slide in and out when hovered over. It gives you the option to display share, follow us or both types including the ability to create custom follow us tabs. It's packed full of other configuration options including the ability to reorder the tabs and choose their colors which help make it as flexible as possible. *\[Figure-4\]*

![Figure-4](https://d1tgoab1lhw0tx.cloudfront.net/images/docs/joomla-extensions/social-links/system-parts/social-tabs.png "Figure-4"){.coalaweb-docs}

### <a name="mod-tweet"></a>Tweet

**CoalaWeb Tweet** is a social module designed to display a particular Twitter users feed. It has a long list of options from controlling how many tweets are displayed to their format and style.

<a data-lightbox="on" href="https://d1tgoab1lhw0tx.cloudfront.net/images/docs/joomla-extensions/social-links/system-parts/tweet-pro.png">![Figure-5](https://d1tgoab1lhw0tx.cloudfront.net/images/docs/joomla-extensions/social-links/system-parts/tweet-pro.png "Figure-5"){.uk-thumbnail .uk-thumbnail-mini}</a>

## <a name="plugins"></a>Plugins

### <a name="plg-likes"></a>Content - Social Likes \[Pro Version\]

The **CoalaWeb Social Likes** content plugin will display a variety of social network vote buttons in your Joomla and K2 content. It's packed full of configuration options to make integrating it into your website a breeze. *\[Figure-6\]*

![Figure-6](https://d1tgoab1lhw0tx.cloudfront.net/images/docs/joomla-extensions/social-links/system-parts/social-likes.png "Figure-6"){.coalaweb-docs}

### <a name="plg-share"></a>Content - Social Share \[Pro Version\]

The **CoalaWeb Social Share** plugin is a content plugin designed to display all of the popular social networking share buttons with several icon themes and locations within your **Joomla** and **K2 content**. *\[Figure-8\]*

![Figure-8](https://d1tgoab1lhw0tx.cloudfront.net/images/docs/joomla-extensions/social-links/system-parts/social-share.png "Figure-8"){.coalaweb-docs}

### <a name="plg-og"></a>Content - Open Graph \[Pro Version\]

The **CoalaWeb Open Graph** content plugin takes care of adding **Social Metadata** to your website for Joomla content. It includes the option to add **Open Graph** tags and **Twitter Card** tags to make sharing and voting much more accurate and professional. *\[Figure-9\]*

![Figure-9](https://d1tgoab1lhw0tx.cloudfront.net/images/docs/joomla-extensions/social-links/system-parts/meta-data.png "Figure-9"){.coalaweb-docs}

### <a name="plg-meta"></a>Content - Meta Fields \[Pro Version & J3.+]

The **CoalaWeb Meta Fields** content plugin helps add **Open Graph**, **Twitter** and **Schema** meta information to your Joomla content while using the **Article** and or **Category** editors. It will override all other setting you have chosen. *\[Figure-10\]*

![Figure-10](https://d1tgoab1lhw0tx.cloudfront.net/images/docs/joomla-extensions/social-links/system-parts/meta-fields.png "Figure-10"){.coalaweb-docs}


### <a name="plg-menu-meta"></a>System - Menu Meta\[Pro Version & J3.+]

The **CoalaWeb Menu Meta** system plugin allows you to add **Open Graph**, **Twitter Card** and **Schema** tags to basically any menu item. To stop conflicts with the other CoalaWeb content meta data plugins these tags will not be displayed for regular Joomla content items such as Categories and or Articles. If you want to override the automatic creation of meta tags for a Joomla Article or Category please use the CoalaWeb tab displayed in their respective editors. *\[Figure-10\]*

![Figure-10](https://d1tgoab1lhw0tx.cloudfront.net/images/docs/joomla-extensions/social-links/system-parts/menu-meta.png "Figure-10"){.coalaweb-docs}

### <a name="plg-zoo"></a>System - Zoo Elements \[Pro Version\]

The **CoalaWeb Zoo Elements** system plugin automatically includes CoalaWeb custom elements into ZOO expanding this already powerfully system. It adds a **CoalaWeb Social Likes** element that will allow you to display a variety of social network vote buttons in your Zoo content. It also adds a **CoalaWeb Open Graph** layout that helps integrate Open Graph meta data into your Zoo content making sharing and voting much more accurate and professional. *\[Figure-11\]*

![Figure-11](https://d1tgoab1lhw0tx.cloudfront.net/images/docs/joomla-extensions/social-links/system-parts/social-likes.png "Figure-11"){.coalaweb-docs}

### <a name="plg-fbjs"></a>System - Facebook JS

The **CoalaWeb Facebook JS** system plugin has been specifically designed to load the Facebook JavaScript library making it available to all the parts of the **Social Links** system while ensuring it is only loaded once. It also incorporates the Facebook **Application ID** entered in the component configuration options. *\[Figure-12\]*

![Figure-12](https://d1tgoab1lhw0tx.cloudfront.net/images/docs/joomla-extensions/social-links/system-parts/facebook-js.png "Figure-12"){.coalaweb-docs}

### <a name="plg-gears"></a>System - Gears

**CoalaWeb Gears** is a system plugin that is included with all CoalaWeb extensions. Think of it as a Swiss army knife full of great little tools that you can use with or without a CoalaWeb extension. *\[Figure 13\]*

![Figure-13](https://d1tgoab1lhw0tx.cloudfront.net/images/docs/joomla-extensions/gears/cw-gears.png "Figure-13"){.coalaweb-docs}

Commit message:

New Pro module for Social Links system parts

docs/joomla/extensions/sociallinks/system-parts.md, after:

## Table of Contents
1.  [Overview](#overview)
2.  [Component](#component)
3.  [Modules](#modules)
    -   [Social Links](#mod-social)
    -   [Page](#mod-page)
    -   [Social Tabs \[Pro\]](#mod-tabs)
    -   [Call \[Pro\]](#mod-call)
    -   [Tweet](#mod-tweet)
4.  [Plugins \[Pro\]](#plugins)
    -   [Content - Social Likes \[Pro\]](#plg-likes)
    -   [Content - Social Share \[Pro\]](#plg-share)
    -   [Content - Open Graph \[Pro\]](#plg-og)
    -   [Content - Meta Fields \[Pro & J3.+\]](#plg-meta)
    -   [System - Menu Meta \[Pro & J3.+\]](#plg-meta-menu)
    -   [System - Zoo Elements \[Pro\]](#plg-zoo)
    -   [System - Facebook JS](#plg-fbjs)
    -   [System - Gears](#plg-gears)

## <a class="doc-top" name="overview"></a>Overview

**CoalaWeb Social Links** is a complete social media package to help your site visitors share content, follow you through a variety of social networks and vote for particular content with social buttons. There are two versions available a Core (Free) and Pro (Paid Subscription) version that comes with extend functionality.

<div class="uk-alert">When installing all the parts of the system will be installed at the same time making installing, upgrading and uninstalling a breeze.</div>

## <a name="component"></a>Component

The Component makes setting up the plugins a breeze by having a centralized location for all their associated configuration options. It also provides quick access to help and support plus current version information. The other great thing the component does is take care of the installing, updating and uninstalling of all the associated parts of the system which makes the process much more streamlined. *\[Figure-1\]*

<a data-lightbox="on" https://d1tgoab1lhw0tx.cloudfront.net/images/docs/joomla-extensions/social-links/system-parts/social-component.png">![Figure-1](https://d1tgoab1lhw0tx.cloudfront.net/images/docs/joomla-extensions/social-links/system-parts/social-component.png "Figure-1"){.uk-thumbnail .uk-thumbnail-mini}</a>

## <a name="modules"></a>Modules

### <a name="mod-social"></a>Social Links

The **CoalaWeb Social Links** module gives you the option to choose which share and follow us button to display including the ability to create custom ones plus it's packed full of other configuration options to make it as flexible as possible. *\[Figure-2\]*

![Figure-2](https://d1tgoab1lhw0tx.cloudfront.net/images/docs/joomla-extensions/social-links/system-parts/social-links.png "Figure-2"){.coalaweb-docs}

### <a name="mod-page"></a>Page

The **CoalaWeb Page** module is designed to help Facebook Page owners attract and gain likes. It lets website visitors see how many people like a Page, read recent posts from a Page and most importantly Like/Share a Page with one click, without needing to visit Facebook. *\[Figure-3\]*

<div class="uk-alert">Note: This module supersedes the depreciated CoalaWeb Likebox module.</div>

![Figure-3](https://d1tgoab1lhw0tx.cloudfront.net/images/docs/joomla-extensions/social-links/system-parts/page.png "Figure-3"){.coalaweb-docs}

### <a name="mod-tabs"></a>Social Tabs \[Pro Version\]

The **CoalaWeb Social Tabs** module displays a series of tabs on either side of the page that slide in and out when hovered over. It gives you the option to display share, follow us or both types including the ability to create custom follow us tabs. It's packed full of other configuration options including the ability to reorder the tabs and choose their colors which help make it as flexible as possible. *\[Figure-4\]*

![Figure-4](https://d1tgoab1lhw0tx.cloudfront.net/images/docs/joomla-extensions/social-links/system-parts/social-tabs.png "Figure-4"){.coalaweb-docs}

### <a name="mod-call"></a>Call \[Pro Version\]

The **CoalaWeb Call** module gives site visitors the ability to quickly and easily get in touch via a telephone number. It's packed full of other configuration options such as the ability to change the button background and border color plus it's location to help make it as flexible as possible. *\[Figure-4\]*

![Figure-4](https://d1tgoab1lhw0tx.cloudfront.net/images/docs/joomla-extensions/social-links/system-parts/call.png "Figure-4"){.coalaweb-docs}

### <a name="mod-tweet"></a>Tweet

**CoalaWeb Tweet** is a social module designed to display a particular Twitter users feed. It has a long list of options from controlling how many tweets are displayed to their format and style.

<a data-lightbox="on" href="https://d1tgoab1lhw0tx.cloudfront.net/images/docs/joomla-extensions/social-links/system-parts/tweet-pro.png">![Figure-5](https://d1tgoab1lhw0tx.cloudfront.net/images/docs/joomla-extensions/social-links/system-parts/tweet-pro.png "Figure-5"){.uk-thumbnail .uk-thumbnail-mini}</a>

## <a name="plugins"></a>Plugins

### <a name="plg-likes"></a>Content - Social Likes \[Pro Version\]

The **CoalaWeb Social Likes** content plugin will display a variety of social network vote buttons in your Joomla and K2 content. It's packed full of configuration options to make integrating it into your website a breeze. *\[Figure-6\]*

![Figure-6](https://d1tgoab1lhw0tx.cloudfront.net/images/docs/joomla-extensions/social-links/system-parts/social-likes.png "Figure-6"){.coalaweb-docs}

### <a name="plg-share"></a>Content - Social Share \[Pro Version\]

The **CoalaWeb Social Share** plugin is a content plugin designed to display all of the popular social networking share buttons with several icon themes and locations within your **Joomla** and **K2 content**. *\[Figure-8\]*

![Figure-8](https://d1tgoab1lhw0tx.cloudfront.net/images/docs/joomla-extensions/social-links/system-parts/social-share.png "Figure-8"){.coalaweb-docs}

### <a name="plg-og"></a>Content - Open Graph \[Pro Version\]

The **CoalaWeb Open Graph** content plugin takes care of adding **Social Metadata** to your website for Joomla content. It includes the option to add **Open Graph** tags and **Twitter Card** tags to make sharing and voting much more accurate and professional. *\[Figure-9\]*

![Figure-9](https://d1tgoab1lhw0tx.cloudfront.net/images/docs/joomla-extensions/social-links/system-parts/meta-data.png "Figure-9"){.coalaweb-docs}

### <a name="plg-meta"></a>Content - Meta Fields \[Pro Version & J3.+]

The **CoalaWeb Meta Fields** content plugin helps add **Open Graph**, **Twitter** and **Schema** meta information to your Joomla content while using the **Article** and or **Category** editors. It will override all other setting you have chosen. *\[Figure-10\]*

![Figure-10](https://d1tgoab1lhw0tx.cloudfront.net/images/docs/joomla-extensions/social-links/system-parts/meta-fields.png "Figure-10"){.coalaweb-docs}


### <a name="plg-menu-meta"></a>System - Menu Meta\[Pro Version & J3.+]

The **CoalaWeb Menu Meta** system plugin allows you to add **Open Graph**, **Twitter Card** and **Schema** tags to basically any menu item. To stop conflicts with the other CoalaWeb content meta data plugins these tags will not be displayed for regular Joomla content items such as Categories and or Articles. If you want to override the automatic creation of meta tags for a Joomla Article or Category please use the CoalaWeb tab displayed in their respective editors. *\[Figure-10\]*

![Figure-10](https://d1tgoab1lhw0tx.cloudfront.net/images/docs/joomla-extensions/social-links/system-parts/menu-meta.png "Figure-10"){.coalaweb-docs}

### <a name="plg-zoo"></a>System - Zoo Elements \[Pro Version\]

The **CoalaWeb Zoo Elements** system plugin automatically includes CoalaWeb custom elements into ZOO expanding this already powerfully system. It adds a **CoalaWeb Social Likes** element that will allow you to display a variety of social network vote buttons in your Zoo content. It also adds a **CoalaWeb Open Graph** layout that helps integrate Open Graph meta data into your Zoo content making sharing and voting much more accurate and professional. *\[Figure-11\]*

![Figure-11](https://d1tgoab1lhw0tx.cloudfront.net/images/docs/joomla-extensions/social-links/system-parts/social-likes.png "Figure-11"){.coalaweb-docs}

### <a name="plg-fbjs"></a>System - Facebook JS

The **CoalaWeb Facebook JS** system plugin has been specifically designed to load the Facebook JavaScript library making it available to all the parts of the **Social Links** system while ensuring it is only loaded once. It also incorporates the Facebook **Application ID** entered in the component configuration options. *\[Figure-12\]*

![Figure-12](https://d1tgoab1lhw0tx.cloudfront.net/images/docs/joomla-extensions/social-links/system-parts/facebook-js.png "Figure-12"){.coalaweb-docs}

### <a name="plg-gears"></a>System - Gears

**CoalaWeb Gears** is a system plugin that is included with all CoalaWeb extensions. Think of it as a Swiss army knife full of great little tools that you can use with or without a CoalaWeb extension. *\[Figure 13\]*

![Figure-13](https://d1tgoab1lhw0tx.cloudfront.net/images/docs/joomla-extensions/gears/cw-gears.png "Figure-13"){.coalaweb-docs}
