docs/joomla/extensions/general/translate-guide.md, before:


##The Official Way to translate a CoalaWeb extension

### Where are the language files stored?

All our language packs are created through the powerful online translation environment [Transifex](https://www.transifex.com). So the first thing you will need to do if you want contribute is create a free account over at Transifex. If you haven't already got one, head over to the [Transifex Signup](https://www.transifex.com/signup) page and get started.

### Who manages the translation process?

The management of our language packs has been handed over to the fantastic Joomla translation group known as the [OpenTranslators](http://opentranslators.org/).

The OpenTranslators takes care of the translation teams which are grouped by language and which ultimately do the translations. By joining a team managed by the OpenTranslators you will not only get access to CoalaWeb extensions but a huge list of Joomla extensions entrusted to the OpenTranslators and the list is growing everyday.

So now that you have created a Transifex account the next step is [requesting to join](https://opentranslators.transifex.com/organization/opentranslators/dashboard/coalaweb-contact) a language team. The process of joining a team can take some time so please be patient but if you don't get an answer for an extend period of time just let me know and I will make some inquires for you.

### What's in it for me?

If you completely translate all the language files for a CoalaWeb extension that includes a **Pro** version I'll send you a copy of the Pro version for free. When I release an update if you translate the newly added language strings I will also send you a copy of the Pro version.

For the CoalaWeb Core extensions you obviously get to use it in your chosen language and on top of that you will get a warm fuzzy feeling for helping out the community.

### Need more help?

If you have any further questions feel free to use the [Contact Form](https://coalaweb.com/support/get-in-touch/contact-us) or drop by the [Forum](https://coalaweb.com/forum).

Commit message:

Adding to top class and some cleaning up of docs

docs/joomla/extensions/general/translate-guide.md, after:

## Table of Contents
1.  [Where are the language files stored?](#stored)
2.  [Who manages the translation process?](#process)
3.  [What's in it for me?](#returns)
4.  [Need More Help?](#more-help)

## <a class="doc-top" name="official"></a> The Official Way to translate a CoalaWeb extension

### <a name="stored"></a>Where are the language files stored?

All our language packs are created through the powerful online translation environment [Transifex](https://www.transifex.com). So the first thing you will need to do if you want contribute is create a free account over at Transifex. If you haven't already got one, head over to the [Transifex Signup](https://www.transifex.com/signup) page and get started.

Once **Some** or **All** the language files of particular extension have been translated they will be available in the [Language Download Area](http://coalaweb.com/downloads/language-packs/joomla-extensions) as an installable language pack.

<div class="uk-alert">Note: Only 100% completed language files will be included in the language pack when downloaded.</div>

### <a name="process"></a>Who manages the translation process?

The management of our language packs has been handed over to the fantastic Joomla translation group known as the [OpenTranslators](http://opentranslators.org/).

The OpenTranslators takes care of the translation teams which are grouped by language and which ultimately do the translations. By joining a team managed by the OpenTranslators you will not only get access to CoalaWeb extensions but a huge list of Joomla extensions entrusted to the OpenTranslators and the list is growing everyday.

So now that you have created a Transifex account the next step is [requesting to join](https://opentranslators.transifex.com/organization/opentranslators/dashboard/coalaweb-contact) a language team. The process of joining a team can take some time so please be patient but if you don't get an answer for an extend period of time just let me know and I will make some inquires for you.

### <a name="returns"></a>What's in it for me?

If you completely translate all the language files for a CoalaWeb extension that includes a **Pro** version I'll send you a copy of the Pro version for free. When I release an update if you translate the newly added language strings I will also send you a copy of the Pro version.

For the CoalaWeb Core extensions you obviously get to use it in your chosen language and on top of that you will get a warm fuzzy feeling for helping out the community.

### <a name="more-help"></a> Need more help?

If you have any further questions feel free to use the [Contact Form](https://coalaweb.com/support/get-in-touch/contact-us) or drop by the [Forum](https://coalaweb.com/forum).
