docs/joomla/extensions/general/updates.md, before:

## Table of Contents
1.  [Component Updates](#com-updates)
2.  [Non Component Updates](#non-com-updates)
2.  [Where is my DownLoad ID](#dl-id)
3.  [Need More Help?](#more-help)

## <a class="doc-top" name="com-updates"></a>Component Updates

<div class="uk-alert">This section covers CoalaWeb extensions that come packaged with a central component.</div>

CoalaWeb component based extensions integrate with the inbuilt **Joomla Update** system so both **Core** and **Pro** users can keep their extensions up to date. For **Core** users when you see updates listed in the Joomla update manager feel free to select it and update. 

For **Pro** subscribers you will need to make sure you still have a **Valid Subscription** and that you have entered your **Download ID** in either the **Control Panel** input field. *\[Figure-1\]*

<div class="uk-alert">Not sure where to find your Download ID? Click <a href="#options-downloadid">HERE</a> for more info.</div>

![Figure-1](http://cdn.coalaweb.com/images/docs/joomla-extensions/contact/cw-contact-config-updates1.png "Figure-1"){.coalaweb-docs}

 Or through the component configuration options under **Updates**. *\[Figure-2\]*

![Figure-2](http://cdn.coalaweb.com/images/docs/joomla-extensions/contact/cw-contact-config-updates2.png "Figure-2"){.coalaweb-docs}

<div class="uk-alert">TIP: To stop any typos I recommend copying and pasting the Download ID and also to check for no spaces at the end.</div>

## <a name="non-com-updates"></a>Non Component Updates

<div class="uk-alert">This section covers CoalaWeb extensions that don't come packaged with a central component such as stand alone modules and plugins.</div>

CoalaWeb non component based extensions integrate with the inbuilt **Joomla Update** system so both **Core** and **Pro** users can keep their extension up to date. For **Core** users when you see updates listed in the Joomla update manager feel free to select it and update.

For **Pro** subscribers you will need to make sure you still have a **Valid Subscription** and that you have entered your **Download ID** into the **System - CW Gears** plugin. *\[Figure-3\]*

<div class="uk-alert">Not sure where to find your Download ID? Click <a href="#options-downloadid">HERE</a> for more info.</div>

![Figure-3](http://cdn.coalaweb.com/images/docs/joomla-extensions/gears/cw-gears-f9.png "Figure-3"){.coalaweb-docs}

Inside the **CW Gears** plugin options your will find a tab titled **Updates** and under it a **Download ID** input field. I recommend you copy and paste your **Download ID** into this field to reduce the risk of a typo and also to check for no spaces at the end.  *\[Figure-4\]*

![Figure-4](http://cdn.coalaweb.com/images/docs/joomla-extensions/gears/cw-gears-f10.png "Figure-4"){.coalaweb-docs}

<div class="uk-alert">The CW Gears plugin will take care of the Download ID for any CoalaWeb extensions that doesn't come with a component.</div>

## <a name="dl-id"></a> Where can I find my Download ID?

To see your **Download ID** you will need to log into [coalaweb.com](http://coalaweb.com) and then go to:

    Members -> My Subscriptions

You will then see the ID displayed in the module titled **Download ID**. *\[Figure-5\]*

![Figure-5](http://cdn.coalaweb.com/images/docs/joomla-extensions/general/updates/cw-updates-download-id.png "Figure-5"){.coalaweb-docs}

<div class="uk-alert">TIP: To stop any typos I recommend copying and pasting the download ID and also to check for no spaces at the end.</div>

## <a name="more-help"></a>Need More Help

<div class="uk-alert">Do you have a question that wasn't covered by the GUIDE? Then it's time to drop by the <a href="http://coalaweb.com/forum/index" target="_self">Forum</a></div>

Commit message:

Updated to the update guide

docs/joomla/extensions/general/updates.md, after:

## Table of Contents
1.  [Component Updates](#com-updates)
2.  [Non Component Updates](#non-com-updates)
3.  [Error Updating Pro?](#pro-error)
    - [Non Component Tips](#error-non-com)
4.  [Where is my DownLoad ID](#dl-id)
5.  [Need More Help?](#more-help)

## <a class="doc-top" name="com-updates"></a>Component Updates

<div class="uk-alert">This section covers CoalaWeb extensions that come packaged with a central component.</div>

CoalaWeb component based extensions integrate with the inbuilt **Joomla Update** system so both **Core** and **Pro** users can keep their extensions up to date. For **Core** users when you see updates listed in the Joomla update manager feel free to select it and update. 

For **Pro** subscribers you will need to make sure you still have a **Valid Subscription** and that you have entered your **Download ID** in either the **Control Panel** input field. *\[Figure-1\]*

<div class="uk-alert">Not sure where to find your Download ID? Click <a href="#options-downloadid">HERE</a> for more info.</div>

![Figure-1](http://cdn.coalaweb.com/images/docs/joomla-extensions/contact/cw-contact-config-updates1.png "Figure-1"){.coalaweb-docs}

 Or through the component configuration options under **Updates**. *\[Figure-2\]*

![Figure-2](http://cdn.coalaweb.com/images/docs/joomla-extensions/contact/cw-contact-config-updates2.png "Figure-2"){.coalaweb-docs}

<div class="uk-alert">TIP: To stop any typos I recommend copying and pasting the Download ID and also to check for no spaces at the end.</div>

## <a name="non-com-updates"></a>Non Component Updates

<div class="uk-alert">This section covers CoalaWeb extensions that don't come packaged with a central component such as stand alone modules and plugins.</div>

<div class="uk-alert uk-alert-warning">Non component CoalaWeb extensions will need to have at least version 0.2.2 of the System - CW Gears plugin installed.</div>

CoalaWeb non component based extensions integrate with the inbuilt **Joomla Update** system so both **Core** and **Pro** users can keep their extension up to date. For **Core** users when you see updates listed in the Joomla update manager feel free to select it and update.

For **Pro** subscribers you will need to make sure you still have a **Valid Subscription** and that you have entered your **Download ID** into the **System - CW Gears** plugin. *\[Figure-3\]*

<div class="uk-alert">Not sure where to find your Download ID? Click <a href="#options-downloadid">HERE</a> for more info.</div>

![Figure-3](http://cdn.coalaweb.com/images/docs/joomla-extensions/gears/cw-gears-f9.png "Figure-3"){.coalaweb-docs}

Inside the **CW Gears** plugin options your will find a tab titled **Updates** and under it a **Download ID** input field. I recommend you copy and paste your **Download ID** into this field to reduce the risk of a typo and also to check for no spaces at the end.  *\[Figure-4\]*

![Figure-4](http://cdn.coalaweb.com/images/docs/joomla-extensions/gears/cw-gears-f10.png "Figure-4"){.coalaweb-docs}

<div class="uk-alert">The CW Gears plugin will take care of the Download ID for any CoalaWeb extensions that doesn't come with a component.</div>

## <a name="error"></a>Error Updating Pro?

<div class="uk-alert">This a check list that should help fix common issues with updating a CoalaWeb Pro extension.</div>

- Do you have a valid subscription? If you subscription has run out then the update will fail.
- Have you entered the correct Download ID? Not sure where to find your Download ID? Click <a href="#options-downloadid">HERE</a> for more info.
- Make sure when you copied and pasted your Download ID it doesn't have a space at the end.
- After you enter or edit your Download ID make sure to **Clear Cache** in the Joomla updater and **Find Updates** again. This will allow your new settings to catch up.

### <a name="error-non-com"></a>Non Component specific tips

- After you have install a Pro version of a non Component CoalaWeb extension make sure to enter your Download ID into the System - CW Gears plugin.
- If you install another non Component CoalaWeb extension open and save the System - CW Gears plugin option again to help the settings catch up.

## <a name="dl-id"></a> Where can I find my Download ID?

To see your **Download ID** you will need to log into [coalaweb.com](http://coalaweb.com) and then go to:

    Members -> My Subscriptions

You will then see the ID displayed in the module titled **Download ID**. *\[Figure-5\]*

![Figure-5](http://cdn.coalaweb.com/images/docs/joomla-extensions/general/updates/cw-updates-download-id.png "Figure-5"){.coalaweb-docs}

<div class="uk-alert">TIP: To stop any typos I recommend copying and pasting the download ID and also to check for no spaces at the end.</div>

## <a name="more-help"></a>Need More Help

<div class="uk-alert">Do you have a question that wasn't covered by the GUIDE? Then it's time to drop by the <a href="http://coalaweb.com/forum/index" target="_self">Forum</a></div>
