docs/joomla/extensions/social/system-parts.md, before:

## Table of Contents
1.  [Overview](#overview)
2.  [Component](#component)
3.  [Modules](#modules)
    -   [Social Links](#mod-social)
    -   [Facebook Likebox](#mod-likebox)
    -   [Google + \[Pro\]](#mod-google)
    -   [Social Tabs \[Pro\]](#mod-tabs)
4.  [Plugins \[Pro\]](#plugins)
    -   [Content - Social Likes \[Pro\]](#plg-likes)
    -   [Content - Social Panel \[Pro\]](#plg-panel)
    -   [Content - Open Graph \[Pro\]](#plg-og)
    -   [System - Zoo Elements \[Pro\]](#plg-zoo)

## <a name="overview"></a>Overview

CoalaWeb Social Links is a complete social media package to help your site 
visitors bookmark content, follow you through a variety of social networks and 
vote for particular content with social buttons.

<span class="tip" markdown="1">When you install CoalaWeb Social Links all the 
parts of the system will be installed at the same time making installing, 
upgrading and uninstalling a breeze.</span>

## <a name="component"></a>Component

The Component makes setting up the content plugins a breeze by having a centralized location for all their associated configuration options. It also provides quick access to help and support plus current version information. The other great thing the component does is take care of the installing, updating and uninstalling of all the associated parts of the system which makes the process much more streamlined.

## <a name="modules"></a>Modules

### <a name="mod-social"></a>Social Links

The Social Links module gives you the option to choose which bookmarks and 
follow us links to display including the ability to create custom ones plus it's
packed full of other configuration options to make it as flexible as possible.

### <a name="mod-likebox"></a>Facebook Likebox

The Facebook Like Box module is a social module that enables Facebook Page 
owners to attract and gain likes. The like box enables people using your website
to see how many people like the Page, read recent posts from the Page and like 
the Page with one click, without needing to visit the Page.

### <a name="mod-tabs"></a>Tabs  \[Pro Version\]

The Tabs module displays a series of tabs on either side of the page that slide in and out when hovered over. It gives you the option to display share, follow us or both types including the ability to create custom follow us tabs. It's packed full of other configuration options including the ability to reorder the tabs and choose their colors which help make it as flexible as possible.

### <a name="mod-google"></a>Google Plus \[Pro Version\]

The Google Plus module is a social module that helps you link your Google+
page to your site. Get more recommendations for your site in Google search and 
grow your audience on Google+.

## <a name="plugins"></a>Plugins

### <a name="plg-likes"></a>Content - Social Likes \[Pro Version\]

The Content - Social Likes plugin will display a variety of social network vote 
buttons in your Joomla and K2 content. It's packed full of configuration options 
to make integrating it into your website a breeze.

### <a name="plg-panel"></a>Content - Social Panel \[Pro Version\]

The Content - Social Panel plugin will display a variety of social network vote 
buttons in your Joomla and K2 content. They will be displayed in a 
vertical collapsible bar to the side of the article content.

### <a name="plg-og"></a>Content - Open Graph \[Pro Version\]

The Content - Open Graph plugin will help add Open Graph meta information 
to your Joomla web pages this will in turn help your social buttons get the 
right information when used.

### <a name="plg-zoo"></a>System - Zoo Elements \[Pro Version\]

The System - Zoo Elements plugin automatically includes CoalaWeb custom elements 
into ZOO expanding this already powerfully system. In this case adds the 
CoalaWeb Social Likes element that will allow you to display a variety of social 
network vote buttons in your Zoo content. It's packed full of configuration 
options to make integrating it into your website a breeze.

Commit message:

Tweaks Social guide and updated its system parts list.

docs/joomla/extensions/social/system-parts.md, after:

## Table of Contents
1.  [Overview](#overview)
2.  [Component](#component)
3.  [Modules](#modules)
    -   [Social Links](#mod-social)
    -   [Facebook Likebox](#mod-likebox)
    -   [Google + \[Pro\]](#mod-google)
    -   [Social Tabs \[Pro\]](#mod-tabs)
4.  [Plugins \[Pro\]](#plugins)
    -   [Content - Social Likes \[Pro\]](#plg-likes)
    -   [Content - Social Panel \[Pro\]](#plg-panel)
    -   [Content - Social Share \[Pro\]](#plg-share)
    -   [Content - Open Graph \[Pro\]](#plg-og)
    -   [System - Zoo Elements \[Pro\]](#plg-zoo)
    -   [System - Facebook JS](#plg-fbjs)

## <a name="overview"></a>Overview

CoalaWeb Social Links is a complete social media package to help your site visitors share content, follow you through a variety of social networks and vote for particular content with social buttons.

<span class="tip" markdown="1">When you install CoalaWeb Social Links all the 
parts of the system will be installed at the same time making installing, 
upgrading and uninstalling a breeze.</span>

## <a name="component"></a>Component

The Component makes setting up the content plugins a breeze by having a centralized location for all their associated configuration options. It also provides quick access to help and support plus current version information. The other great thing the component does is take care of the installing, updating and uninstalling of all the associated parts of the system which makes the process much more streamlined.

## <a name="modules"></a>Modules

### <a name="mod-social"></a>Social Links

The **CoalaWeb Social Links** module gives you the option to choose which share and follow us button to display including the ability to create custom ones plus it's packed full of other configuration options to make it as flexible as possible.

### <a name="mod-likebox"></a>Likebox

The **CoalaWeb Like Box** module is a social module that enables Facebook Page owners to attract and gain likes. The like box enables people using your website to see how many people like the Page, read recent posts from the Page and like the Page with one click, without needing to visit the Page.

### <a name="mod-tabs"></a>Tabs \[Pro Version\]

The **CoalaWeb Tabs** module displays a series of tabs on either side of the page that slide in and out when hovered over. It gives you the option to display share, follow us or both types including the ability to create custom follow us tabs. It's packed full of other configuration options including the ability to reorder the tabs and choose their colors which help make it as flexible as possible.

### <a name="mod-google"></a>Google Plus \[Pro Version\]

The **CoalaWeb Google Plus** module is a social module that helps you link your Google+page to your site. Get more recommendations for your site in Google search and grow your audience on Google+.

## <a name="plugins"></a>Plugins

### <a name="plg-likes"></a>Content - Social Likes \[Pro Version\]

The **CoalaWeb Social Likes** content plugin will display a variety of social network vote buttons in your Joomla and K2 content. It's packed full of configuration options to make integrating it into your website a breeze.

### <a name="plg-panel"></a>Content - Social Panel \[Pro Version\]

The **CoalaWeb Social Panel** content plugin will display a variety of social network like buttons in your Joomla and K2 content. They will be displayed in a vertical collapsible bar to the side of the article content.

### <a name="plg-share"></a>Social Share \[Pro Version\]

The **CoalaWeb Social Share** plugin is a content plugin designed to display all of the popular social networking share buttons with several icon themes and locations within your **Joomla** and **K2 content**.

### <a name="plg-og"></a>Content - Open Graph \[Pro Version\]

The **Coalaweb Open Graph** content plugin takes care of adding **Social Metadata** to your website for Joomla content. It includes the option to add **Open Graph** tags and **Twitter Card** tags to make sharing and voting much more accurate and professional.

### <a name="plg-zoo"></a>System - Zoo Elements \[Pro Version\]

The **CoalaWeb Zoo Elements** system plugin automatically includes CoalaWeb custom elements into ZOO expanding this already powerfully system. In this case adds the CoalaWeb Social Likes element that will allow you to display a variety of social network vote buttons in your Zoo content. It's packed full of configuration options to make integrating it into your website a breeze.

### <a name="plg-fbjs"></a>System - Facebook JS

The **CoalaWeb Facebook JS** system plugin has been specifically designed to load the Facebook JavaScript library making it available to all the parts of the **Social Links** system while ensuring it is only loaded once. It also incorporates the Facebook **Application ID** entered in the component configuration options.
