docs/git/pull-request/pull-request.md, before:

## Table of Contents
1.  [Intro](#intro)
2.  [Guide](#guide)
5.  [Tips](#tips)
6.  [System Information](#system-info)
7.  [Need More Help?](#more-help)

## <a name="intro"></a>Intro

If you want to contributed to a project hosted on **GitHub** you will find the majority of the open source project ask that you do it in the form of a **Pull Request**. If you want to learn more about how to submit a pull Request while using the IDE **PhpStorm** read on.

## <a name="guide"></a>Guide
1. The first thing you will need to do is **Fork** the project you want to contribute to by open the project repository. Once you have the repository open you can use the **Fork** button found in the top right of GitHub interface. *\[Figure-1\]*

<a data-lightbox="on" href="https://d1tgoab1lhw0tx.cloudfront.net/images/docs/git/pull-request/figure-1.png">![Figure-1](https://d1tgoab1lhw0tx.cloudfront.net/images/docs/git/pull-request/figure-1.png "Figure-1"){.uk-thumbnail .uk-thumbnail-mini}</a>

2. Next you want to **Clone** your newly forked project by clicking the **Clone or download** button and copying the **URL**. *\[Figure-2\]*
                                                                                       
<a data-lightbox="on" href="https://d1tgoab1lhw0tx.cloudfront.net/images/docs/git/pull-request/figure-2.png">![Figure-2](https://d1tgoab1lhw0tx.cloudfront.net/images/docs/git/pull-request/figure-2.png "Figure-2"){.uk-thumbnail .uk-thumbnail-mini}</a> 

3. After you have the URL head over to **PhpStorm** and go to: *\[Figure-2a\]*

        VCS -> Checkout from Version control -> Git 
        
<a data-lightbox="on" href="https://d1tgoab1lhw0tx.cloudfront.net/images/docs/git/pull-request/figure-2a.png">![Figure-2a](https://d1tgoab1lhw0tx.cloudfront.net/images/docs/git/pull-request/figure-2a.png "Figure-2a"){.uk-thumbnail .uk-thumbnail-mini}</a>
        
4. Next paste in the URL from earlier and check you are happy with the auto generated name and lastly click **Clone**.

5. Once you have opened your newly cloned project in PhpStorm make all the necessary code changes.

6. Once you are happy with the changes you can **Commit and push** the changes back to your fork by going to: *\[Figure-3\]*

        VCS -> Git -> Push
        
<a data-lightbox="on" href="https://d1tgoab1lhw0tx.cloudfront.net/images/docs/git/pull-request/figure-3.png">![Figure-3](https://d1tgoab1lhw0tx.cloudfront.net/images/docs/git/pull-request/figure-3.png "Figure-3"){.uk-thumbnail .uk-thumbnail-mini}</a>
     
7. In the next window give your commit a meaningful **Commit Message**, check the **Author** field and when you are ready use the **Commit** button's drop down option and select **Commit and Push**. This will take care of both tasks at the same time.
 
<div class="uk-alert">Note: There are many ways to commit and push changes in PhpStorm this is just one example but feel free to do anyway you feel comfortable with.</div>

8. Back in GitHub open your Fork and either click the **New pull request** button found next to the branch selector or use the green version found under the **Pull request** tab. *\[Figure-4\]*

<a data-lightbox="on" href="https://d1tgoab1lhw0tx.cloudfront.net/images/docs/git/pull-request/figure-4.png">![Figure-4](https://d1tgoab1lhw0tx.cloudfront.net/images/docs/git/pull-request/figure-4.png "Figure-4"){.uk-thumbnail .uk-thumbnail-mini}</a>

9. Give it a title and description explaining in detail why you have made the changes and then submit it.

10. You should now see your Pull Request listed back in the original project's repository under the **Pull requests** tab and also in your profiles **Pull request** list by using GitHub's top menu. *\[Figure-5\]*

<a data-lightbox="on" href="https://d1tgoab1lhw0tx.cloudfront.net/images/docs/git/pull-request/figure-5.png">![Figure-5](https://d1tgoab1lhw0tx.cloudfront.net/images/docs/git/pull-request/figure-5.png "Figure-5"){.uk-thumbnail .uk-thumbnail-mini}</a> 

11. Now you just need to wait for feedback from the project managers and if all is well you will get your changes merged back into the project. *\[Figure-6\]*

<a data-lightbox="on" href="https://d1tgoab1lhw0tx.cloudfront.net/images/docs/git/pull-request/figure-6.png">![Figure-6](https://d1tgoab1lhw0tx.cloudfront.net/images/docs/git/pull-request/figure-6.png "Figure-6"){.uk-thumbnail .uk-thumbnail-mini}</a> 

## <a name="tips"></a>Tips

 - You can check out a new project using any open PhpStorm project and don't worry it won't affect the current project just choose to open it in a new window

 - Give as much detail as possible with your pull request to help the project managers understand why you have made your changes and help then check and potential test your proposed changes.
 
 - When you have submitted your **Pull request** make sure it passes all the checks and gets a nice green tick to give it it's best chance of being accepted. *\[Figure-7\]*
                                                                                   <a data-lightbox="on" href="https://d1tgoab1lhw0tx.cloudfront.net/images/docs/git/pull-request/figure-7.png">![Figure-7](https://d1tgoab1lhw0tx.cloudfront.net/images/docs/git/pull-request/figure-7.png "Figure-7"){.uk-thumbnail .uk-thumbnail-mini}</a> 

## <a name="system-info"></a>System Information

-   Git: 2.7.4
-   Ubuntu: 16.04 LTS
-   PhpStorm: 2018.2.6

## <a name="more-help"></a>Need More Help

<div class="uk-alert">Do you have a question that wasn't covered by this GUIDE? Then it's time to drop by the <a href="https://coalaweb.com/forum/index" target="_self">Forum</a></div>

Commit message:

Pull request guide and Terms updates

docs/git/pull-request/pull-request.md, after:

## Table of Contents
1.  [Intro](#intro)
2.  [Guide](#guide)
5.  [Tips](#tips)
6.  [System Information](#system-info)
7.  [Need More Help?](#more-help)

## <a name="intro"></a>Intro

If you want to contributed to a project hosted on **GitHub** you will find the majority of the projects ask that you do it in the form of a **Pull Request**. If you want to learn more about how to submit a pull request read on.

<div class="uk-alert">Note: This guide was created using the IDE <strong>PhpStorm</strong> on a <strong>Ubuntu</strong> based machine but the fundamentals remain the same for most setups.</div>

## <a name="guide"></a>Guide

1. The first thing you will need to do is **Fork** the project you want to contribute to by open the project repository. Once you have the repository open you can use the **Fork** button found in the top right of GitHub interface. *\[Figure-1\]*

<a data-lightbox="on" href="https://d1tgoab1lhw0tx.cloudfront.net/images/docs/git/pull-request/figure-1.png">![Figure-1](https://d1tgoab1lhw0tx.cloudfront.net/images/docs/git/pull-request/figure-1.png "Figure-1"){.uk-thumbnail .uk-thumbnail-mini}</a>

2. Next you want to **Clone** your newly forked project by clicking the **Clone or download** button and copying the **URL**. *\[Figure-2\]*
                                                                                       
<a data-lightbox="on" href="https://d1tgoab1lhw0tx.cloudfront.net/images/docs/git/pull-request/figure-2.png">![Figure-2](https://d1tgoab1lhw0tx.cloudfront.net/images/docs/git/pull-request/figure-2.png "Figure-2"){.uk-thumbnail .uk-thumbnail-mini}</a> 

3. After you have copied the **Clone URL** head over to **PhpStorm** and go to: *\[Figure-2a\]*

        VCS -> Checkout from Version control -> Git 
        
<a data-lightbox="on" href="https://d1tgoab1lhw0tx.cloudfront.net/images/docs/git/pull-request/figure-2a.png">![Figure-2a](https://d1tgoab1lhw0tx.cloudfront.net/images/docs/git/pull-request/figure-2a.png "Figure-2a"){.uk-thumbnail .uk-thumbnail-mini}</a>
        
4. Next paste in the **Clone URL** from earlier and check you are happy with the auto generated name and click **Clone**.

5. Once you have opened your newly cloned project in PhpStorm make all the necessary code changes.

6. When you have finished updating the code you can **Commit and push** the changes back to your fork by going to: *\[Figure-3\]*

        VCS -> Git -> Push
        
<a data-lightbox="on" href="https://d1tgoab1lhw0tx.cloudfront.net/images/docs/git/pull-request/figure-3.png">![Figure-3](https://d1tgoab1lhw0tx.cloudfront.net/images/docs/git/pull-request/figure-3.png "Figure-3"){.uk-thumbnail .uk-thumbnail-mini}</a>
     
7. In the next window give your commit a meaningful **Commit Message**, check the **Author** field and when you are ready use the **Commit** button's drop down option and select **Commit and Push**. This will take care of both tasks at the same time.
 
<div class="uk-alert">Note: There are many ways to commit and push changes in PhpStorm this is just one example but feel free to do anyway you feel comfortable with.</div>

8. Back in GitHub open your Fork and either click the **New pull request** button found next to the branch selector or use the green version found under the **Pull request** tab. *\[Figure-4\]*

<a data-lightbox="on" href="https://d1tgoab1lhw0tx.cloudfront.net/images/docs/git/pull-request/figure-4.png">![Figure-4](https://d1tgoab1lhw0tx.cloudfront.net/images/docs/git/pull-request/figure-4.png "Figure-4"){.uk-thumbnail .uk-thumbnail-mini}</a>

9. Give it a title and description explaining in detail why you have made the changes and then submit it.

10. You should now see your Pull Request listed back in the original project's repository under the **Pull requests** tab and also in your profiles **Pull request** list by using GitHub's top menu. *\[Figure-5\]*

<a data-lightbox="on" href="https://d1tgoab1lhw0tx.cloudfront.net/images/docs/git/pull-request/figure-5.png">![Figure-5](https://d1tgoab1lhw0tx.cloudfront.net/images/docs/git/pull-request/figure-5.png "Figure-5"){.uk-thumbnail .uk-thumbnail-mini}</a> 

11. Now you just need to wait for feedback from the project managers and if all is well you will get your changes merged back into the project. *\[Figure-6\]*

<a data-lightbox="on" href="https://d1tgoab1lhw0tx.cloudfront.net/images/docs/git/pull-request/figure-6.png">![Figure-6](https://d1tgoab1lhw0tx.cloudfront.net/images/docs/git/pull-request/figure-6.png "Figure-6"){.uk-thumbnail .uk-thumbnail-mini}</a> 

## <a name="tips"></a>Tips

 - You can check out a new project using any open PhpStorm project and don't worry it won't affect the current project just choose to open it in a new window

 - Give as much detail as possible with your pull request to help the project managers understand why you have made your changes and help then check and potential test your proposed changes.
 
 - When you have submitted your **Pull request** make sure it passes all the checks and gets a nice green tick to give it it's best chance of being accepted. *\[Figure-7\]*

<a data-lightbox="on" href="https://d1tgoab1lhw0tx.cloudfront.net/images/docs/git/pull-request/figure-7.png">![Figure-7](https://d1tgoab1lhw0tx.cloudfront.net/images/docs/git/pull-request/figure-7.png "Figure-7"){.uk-thumbnail .uk-thumbnail-mini}</a> 

## <a name="system-info"></a>System Information

-   Git: 2.7.4
-   Ubuntu: 16.04 LTS
-   PhpStorm: 2018.2.6

## <a name="more-help"></a>Need More Help?

If you need more help or have any questions regarding this guide feel free to:

 - Start a new [forum](https://coalaweb.com/forum/index) topic if it wasn't covered by this guide
 - Sending an email to support at this domain name
 - Sending a tweet or a Twitter direct message to [@coalaweb](https://twitter.com/CoalaWeb)
 - Contacting us through our [Facebook page](https://www.facebook.com/CoalaWeb)
 - Alternatively, you can use our [Contact Us](https://coalaweb.com/support/get-in-touch/contact-us) form
