docs/joomla/extensions/flair/guide.md, before:

## Table of Contents
1.  [StackExchange Account](#account)
    -   [Combined](#account-com)
    -   [Individual](#account-ind)
2.  [Module Settings](#mod)
    -   [General](#mod-gen)
    -   [Individual](#mod-ind)
    -   [Advanced](#mod-adv)
3.  [Need More Help?](#more-help)

The CoalaWeb Flair module has a long list of options so we have broken them up into 3 sections which are explained in detail below but first we will explain how to retrieve your profile ID numbers.

## <a class="doc-top" name="account"></a>StackExchange Account Details

### <a name="account-com"></a>Combined

<span class="alert" markdown="1">Please note that only sites where you have more than 200 reputation will appear in the combined layout, and that flair is only updated once every 24-36 hours.</div>

To use the combined option you will need your **Combined Account ID** so log into one of your **StackExchange** accounts and in your profile area click the **Network Profile** link in the top right. *\[Figure 1\]*

![Figure-1](http://cdn.coalaweb.com/images/docs/joomla-extensions/flair/cw-flair-f1.png "Figure-1"){.coalaweb-docs}

Next select **Flair** from the bottom right menu. *\[Figure 2\]*

![Figure-2](http://cdn.coalaweb.com/images/docs/joomla-extensions/flair/cw-flair-f2.png "Figure-2"){.coalaweb-docs}

Inside the code snippet at the bottom under the sentence.

> Simply copy and paste the below HTML snippet wherever you want to show off your combined Stack Exchange flair:

You will find your ID directly after **users** in the **stackexchange.com** link. *\[Figure 3\]*

![Figure-3](http://cdn.coalaweb.com/images/docs/joomla-extensions/flair/cw-flair-f3.png "Figure-3"){.coalaweb-docs}

### <a name="account-ind"></a>Individual

You need the user ID for each of the individual accounts that you want to list in CoalaWeb Flair. To find out what these are log into StackExchange then go to the profile page of the account you wish to add and the user ID can be found in the top right hand corner. *\[Figure 4\]*

![Figure-4](http://cdn.coalaweb.com/images/docs/joomla-extensions/flair/cw-flair-f4.png "Figure-4"){.coalaweb-docs}

Your second option is click **flair** from the menu at the top of your profile information. *\[Figure 5\]*

![Figure-5](http://cdn.coalaweb.com/images/docs/joomla-extensions/flair/cw-flair-f5.png "Figure-5"){.coalaweb-docs}

Inside the first code snippet at the bottom under the sentence.

> Simply copy and paste the below HTML snippet wherever you want to show off your Ask Ubuntu flair:</div>

You will find your **ID** directly after **users** in the **currentprofile.com** link. *\[Figure 6\]*

![Figure-6](http://cdn.coalaweb.com/images/docs/joomla-extensions/flair/cw-flair-f6.png "Figure-6"){.coalaweb-docs}

## <a name="mod"></a>Module Settings

<span class="alert" markdown="1">Please note that the StackExchange flair system feeds in a pre created image with a width 208px and a height of 58px so your module position will need sufficient space to accommodate images of this size.</div>

### <a name="mod-gen"></a>General Display Options

In this section you can choose whether you want the module to display your combined flair or your individual accounts separately. If you choose the combined option you will need to enter your combined profile ID and your combined profile name in this section. *\[Figure 7\]*

![Figure-7](http://cdn.coalaweb.com/images/docs/joomla-extensions/flair/cw-flair-f7.png "Figure-7"){.coalaweb-docs}

### <a name="mod-ind"></a>Individual Settings

If you chose **Individual** from the **General Settings** section you will now need to choose which StackExchange sites you wish to display and enter their relevant details. To make the module configuration more streamlined I have broken the accounts up into alphabetically ordered sections. For this example we will look at setting up three account under the letter **A**. *\[Figure 8\]*

You have four options:

-   Whether to display a particular account
-   The individual account profile ID
-   The individual account profile name
-   The theme to be used when displaying the account's flair

These settings are the same fo each of the individual profiles so once you have entered all the information for the accounts you wish to display move onto the next section.

![Figure-8](http://cdn.coalaweb.com/images/docs/joomla-extensions/flair/cw-flair-f8.png "Figure-8"){.coalaweb-docs}

### <a name="mod-adv"></a>Advanced Options

The CoalaWeb Flair module also has a few what I consider **Advanced Options** such as the option to assign a unique module ID to stop conflicts, a module class suffix or weather to use cache including the cache time. There is also an option to turn off the module css if you want to add your own styling. 

The last option is to on or off the display of a link back to CoalaWeb as always it's appreciated but its up to you plus you can choose what text to display next to the link. **Note: If your site is multilingual leave blank and use the language files.** *\[Figure 9\]*

![Figure-9](http://cdn.coalaweb.com/images/docs/joomla-extensions/flair/cw-flair-f9.png "Figure-9"){.coalaweb-docs}

## <a name="more-help"></a>Need More Help

<div class="uk-alert">Do you have a question that wasn't covered by this GUIDE? Then it's time to drop by the <a href="http://coalaweb.com/forum/index" target="_self">Forum</a></div>

Commit message:

A lot of updates to the Contact guides and some small updates to several others for consistency.

docs/joomla/extensions/flair/guide.md, after:

## Table of Contents
1.  [Overview](#overview)
1.  [StackExchange Account](#account)
    -   [Combined](#account-com)
    -   [Individual](#account-ind)
2.  [Module Flair](#mod-flair)
    -   [General](#mod-gen)
    -   [Individual](#mod-ind)
    -   [Advanced](#mod-adv)
3.  [Need More Help?](#more-help)

## <a class="doc-top" name="overview"></a>Overview

**CoalaWeb Flair** is a Joomla extension that lets you display your flair from several Stack Exchange sites individually or combined into one.

<div class="uk-alert">When installing all the parts of the system will be installed at the same time making installing, upgrading and uninstalling a breeze.</div>

## <a class="doc-top" name="account"></a>Stack Exchange Account Details

Before we get onto setting up the extension first lets have a look at how to retrieve your profile ID numbers.

### <a name="account-com"></a>Combined

<span class="alert" markdown="1">Please note that only sites where you have more than 200 reputation will appear in the combined layout, and that flair is only updated once every 24-36 hours.</div>

To use the combined option you will need your **Combined Account ID** so log into one of your **StackExchange** accounts and in your profile area click the **Network Profile** link in the top right. *\[Figure 1\]*

![Figure-1](http://cdn.coalaweb.com/images/docs/joomla-extensions/flair/cw-flair-f1.png "Figure-1"){.coalaweb-docs}

Next select **Flair** from the bottom right menu. *\[Figure 2\]*

![Figure-2](http://cdn.coalaweb.com/images/docs/joomla-extensions/flair/cw-flair-f2.png "Figure-2"){.coalaweb-docs}

Inside the code snippet at the bottom under the sentence.

> Simply copy and paste the below HTML snippet wherever you want to show off your combined Stack Exchange flair:

You will find your ID directly after **users** in the **stackexchange.com** link. *\[Figure 3\]*

![Figure-3](http://cdn.coalaweb.com/images/docs/joomla-extensions/flair/cw-flair-f3.png "Figure-3"){.coalaweb-docs}

### <a name="account-ind"></a>Individual

You need the user ID for each of the individual accounts that you want to list in CoalaWeb Flair. To find out what these are log into StackExchange then go to the profile page of the account you wish to add and the user ID can be found in the top right hand corner. *\[Figure 4\]*

![Figure-4](http://cdn.coalaweb.com/images/docs/joomla-extensions/flair/cw-flair-f4.png "Figure-4"){.coalaweb-docs}

Your second option is click **flair** from the menu at the top of your profile information. *\[Figure 5\]*

![Figure-5](http://cdn.coalaweb.com/images/docs/joomla-extensions/flair/cw-flair-f5.png "Figure-5"){.coalaweb-docs}

Inside the first code snippet at the bottom under the sentence.

> Simply copy and paste the below HTML snippet wherever you want to show off your Ask Ubuntu flair:</div>

You will find your **ID** directly after **users** in the **currentprofile.com** link. *\[Figure 6\]*

![Figure-6](http://cdn.coalaweb.com/images/docs/joomla-extensions/flair/cw-flair-f6.png "Figure-6"){.coalaweb-docs}

## <a name="mod-flair"></a>Module Settings

<span class="alert" markdown="1">Please note that the StackExchange flair system feeds in a pre created image with a width 208px and a height of 58px so your module position will need sufficient space to accommodate images of this size.</div>

### <a name="mod-gen"></a>General Display Options

In this section you can choose whether you want the module to display your combined flair or your individual accounts separately. If you choose the combined option you will need to enter your combined profile ID and your combined profile name in this section. *\[Figure 7\]*

![Figure-7](http://cdn.coalaweb.com/images/docs/joomla-extensions/flair/cw-flair-f7.png "Figure-7"){.coalaweb-docs}

### <a name="mod-ind"></a>Individual Settings

If you chose **Individual** from the **General Settings** section you will now need to choose which StackExchange sites you wish to display and enter their relevant details. To make the module configuration more streamlined I have broken the accounts up into alphabetically ordered sections. For this example we will look at setting up three account under the letter **A**. *\[Figure 8\]*

You have four options:

-   Whether to display a particular account
-   The individual account profile ID
-   The individual account profile name
-   The theme to be used when displaying the account's flair

These settings are the same fo each of the individual profiles so once you have entered all the information for the accounts you wish to display move onto the next section.

![Figure-8](http://cdn.coalaweb.com/images/docs/joomla-extensions/flair/cw-flair-f8.png "Figure-8"){.coalaweb-docs}

### <a name="mod-adv"></a>Advanced Options

The CoalaWeb Flair module also has a few what I consider **Advanced Options** such as the option to assign a unique module ID to stop conflicts, a module class suffix or weather to use cache including the cache time. There is also an option to turn off the module css if you want to add your own styling. 

The last option is to on or off the display of a link back to CoalaWeb as always it's appreciated but its up to you plus you can choose what text to display next to the link. **Note: If your site is multilingual leave blank and use the language files.** *\[Figure 9\]*

![Figure-9](http://cdn.coalaweb.com/images/docs/joomla-extensions/flair/cw-flair-f9.png "Figure-9"){.coalaweb-docs}

## <a name="more-help"></a>Need More Help

<div class="uk-alert">Do you have a question that wasn't covered by this GUIDE? Then it's time to drop by the <a href="http://coalaweb.com/forum/index" target="_self">Forum</a></div>
